README.md, before:

# Entity Hit Matching
This data pack namespace is intended to serve as a tool for other data packs.
The namespace provides a way to reliably detect the entity that hit or was hurt by a player.

### How to Use
To install it, simply add the namespace to the data folder of your data pack.
Edit the target_hits_player and target_is_hurt_by_player functions in the event folder to your liking.
The execution position and context of these functions is already set to the target entity.
The player that interacted with the target entity can be located with the tag ehm.player.
Be very careful not to create an infinite loop in either of these functions.
As it affects performance, it is recommended that you change the entity tag "targets" to include only the entities you wish to work with.
By default, the targets entity tag includes zombies, husks, and drowneds.

### Credit
Thanks to nphhpn, who:
 - theorized the general concept and implementation
 - added functionality that reliably detects what entity was hurt by a player

Thanks to CloudWolf, who:
 - adapted the implementation to work for the entity_hurt_player advancement trigger
 - added functionality that reliably detects what entity hit a player

Commit message:

Improved compatibility
Installing two or more data packs with this namespace will not longer result in conflicts

README.md, after:

# Entity Hit Matching
This data pack namespace is intended to serve as a tool for other data packs.
The namespace provides a way to reliably detect the entity that hit or was hurt by a player.

### How to Use
1. To install it, simply add the namespace to the data folder of your data pack.
2. Edit the entity types tag "targets" to only include the entities you wish to detect.
Adding more entities than necessary will result in a performance reduction.
Entities specified in this file are refered to as target entities.
3. The namespace fires off two events that you can associate function to:
 - The event "target_hits_player" occurs when a target entity hits a player
 - The event "target_is_hurt_by_player" occurs when a target entity is hurt by a player

Add the functions you wish for an event to trigger to the event's associated function tag.
The executor of the functions ran by these function tags is the target entity.
The execution position, rotation, and dimension are set to that of the player.
The player that interacted with the target entity is also tagged with the entity tag "ehm.player".

4. Be very careful not to create an infinite loop in either of these functions.

### Credit
Thanks to nphhpn, who:
 - theorized the general concept and implementation
 - added functionality that reliably detects what entity was hurt by a player

Thanks to CloudWolf, who:
 - adapted the implementation to work for the entity_hurt_player advancement trigger
 - added functionality that reliably detects what entity hit a player
